fix(repo setup): Skip aliases for unloaded toolchains (#1473)
bazelbuild/rules_python: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> * Skip aliases for unloaded toolchains. Toolchains without a checksum are skipped
>   in the repo load phase. These skipped repos now don't have aliases in the toolchains repo.
>   This is relevant when working with older python versions that don't have full platform 
>   support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Skip aliases for unloaded toolchains. Some Python versions that don't have full
  platform support, and referencing their undefined repositories can break operations
  like `bazel query rdeps(...)`.
```

Author: Done.
